Actually you are you are
What's the matter, Uncle Ying?
Teacher teacher
current season
The car accident has not been proven clear
International law within me has always been treasured by others
If this result is announced now
Maybe it will bring them a bigger return.
No, no one else should know about this
No one can touch my family
What happened to your uncle?
Oh, it's okay.
I just came to see you
I see.
You have no other relatives in this world
You are destined for my sister and me
You will treat me like your own uncle from now on
Okay, really?
Good.
You and your teacher are the most important people to me
Who dares to bully you in the future?
Just tell me right away
Hello Zhiyuan
DNA identification results
Here we go.
sister
The appraisal results are out Wenli
Wen Li is not your biological daughter
Oops, I just said
Scum must be my own daughter, don't you believe it
Fortunately, I didn't tell Wenli about this.
Otherwise, this will be a big misunderstanding.
But liberal arts is indeed a good seedling
Good personality
You have to spend more time dying on him
He won't let you down.
I'm sure of that.
He and scum are good kids
I will definitely train them well
Just forget about it.
Get well
The company still has something to do, so I hung up first
Why did you say that Wenli is not my child?
My heart is empty